How dare you hit me?
Hmph hurt my mom
Don't say hit you
So what if I kill you?
How dare you stop him?
Lao Tzu is from the Axe Gang
You can't afford to offend
Axe Gang
It was the fake emperor who sent you here yesterday, right?
He is the young master of our family
You hit him and stole his woman
You will die miserably
Give it to me now
Otherwise, I'll give it a call.
You killed your mother?
How dare you threaten my mother?
second uncle
This calls you over and kills him
court death
Ah!
Fight, continue to fight, no more, no more
Aren't you threatening me?
Keep threatening me
Useless waste
Brother has something to say
Don't do it
Don't do it. Don't do it.
Take me to the fossil man of the Axe Gang
Are you going?